# Car rental web application

# Project Description

# Team Members and Roles

# Project Approach and Technology

Little updat 3. Technology Stack 3.1 Languages 3.1.1 JavaScript JavaScript, a
versatile scripting language for web development. Rationale: Single for both
frontend and backend development. Widely known and proficient among developers.
Rich ecosystem of libraries and frameworks. Most of our team has familiarity
with the language Large community for support and resources.

3.2 Backend Frameworks 3.2.1 Next.js Next.js, a React framework for server-side
rendering and static site generation. Rationale: Aligns with Agile Scrum
methodology. Supports iterative development and continuous integration. Seamless
integration with GitHub for version control.

Qualitative Assessment: Strengths: Pre-rendering, seamless deployment, automatic
code splitting. Weaknesses Learning curve, configuration complexity, limitations
with serverless functions. Use Cases: Starting a reservation,
viewing/modifying/canceling a reservation. Browsing vehicles, CRUD operations on
users, vehicles, and reservations. 3.2.2 Firestore Firestore, a real-time
database with offline support. Rationale: Seamless integration with Next.js.
Supports rapid iterations and collaboration. Offers real-time updates and
offline functionality. Qualitative Assessment: Strengths: Real-time updates,
offline support, scalable. Weaknesses: Limited query capabilities, potential
costs with high usage. Use Cases: Real-time reservation updates, browsing
vehicle listings. Managing user accounts and reservation records. 3.3 Frontend
Frameworks 3.3.1 Next.js Same as the backend framework above. The framework is
built on top of React. The section covers the front end capabilities of Next.js
Rationale: Pre-rendering, seamless deployment, automatic code splitting.
Efficient state management and data passing. Qualitative Assessment: Strengths:
Pre-rendering capabilities, automatic code splitting. Weaknesses: Learning
curve, configuration complexity, limitations with serverless functions. Use
Cases: Similar to backend framework use cases. 3.4 Version Control Git & GitHub
Description: Git & GitHub, a version control and collaboration platform.
Rationale: Enables change tracking and version history. Facilitates team
collaboration and project management. Benefits: Efficient collaboration and
version control. Streamlined project management and communication tools. 3.5.
Deployment Vercel Vercel, a cloud platform for static sites and Jamstack
applications. Rationale: Automated build and deployment pipeline. Real-time
feedback with the Vercel Toolbar. Using a deployed place to see the website will
allow for better monitoring of potential errors Benefits: Simplified deployment
process. All it takes is update the main repository Unique URLs for each
deployment, make it easy to track version changes
